[Music]
okay I barely lasted a mile I can't
breathe here I can't we are driving to
whether to have family hangs how's this
annual training 788 my grandpa is
turning 78 years old so we're picking up
some BBQ and we're headed to Weatherford
to celebrate Nana bail John just asked
to shake my hand and how he is the
realest free interview interview of the
future that's a introduce uncomfortable
that makes me feel it's the pits of
power booth Harvey hey look you're
silleh
there is a closed highway because why
not Texas let's make traffic even worse
I'm exhausted and I was just like I need
coffee and Jeannie is like me mom has
dr. pepper this place is not good for me
I used to be very addicted to dr. pepper
why why do you have that patch peritonei
through tonight oh it's fun I like it I
can't disturb get what I get the
conversations like building is some
Viking rebel just like okay wow I feel
like we are driving in the country the
older sister these are the beautiful
hills of Fort Worth Texas way different
we're not why the heard of yet re photos
were posted that is why the furred lake
jeannie grew up in rutherford she's the
only one that got out this is where you
would smoke beer genies update we're
almost there and we're also hungry we
have arrived in weatherford grandparents
house
[Music]
this is what real barbecue looks like
i'm so excited right now hi look at you
[Music]
what is that a pickle oh no no you me G
hang out with AJ alive and whatever
what's the face that you are doing to me
and so now AJ is doing ask Winnie in the
span of 30 minutes it has gone from 70
degrees to like 40 degrees you know they
say if you don't like the weather in
Texas you just wait 10 minutes hello
this is what John you still look like
yeah there you said you get for here is
Sarah freshman year of high school
there's my high school graduation
picture
music is machines think we all know what
that means in everything to create me an
admin evade better what is happening it
is so cold this morning when I woke up
it was 75 degrees there is a low of 22
that's Texas for you
[Music]
how does it feel feels good Sophie this
box is so much better for you than for
John you are so fat doesn't come off
that you like me in these videos I feel
like I'm always the last person to get
updates to things but i finally got
instagram lives so i'm gonna do
instagram live stream this is my setup
right here pop socket on the macbook
this is my mom's computer look at her
background it's just my brother John's
face first instagram live stream let me
know when you're here let me know where
you're watching from what's your name
come say hi to the people here comes my
mom say hi to the people it is cold
outside and I need my comfy clothes on
Instagram I shirring us fun I actually
expected more numbers than what I got it
was kind of is a little bit lower than
what I get on periscope let me know what
you guys think of live streaming like
casual live streaming in a sense of
Instagram or periscope you know I kind
of go live whenever kind of kind of
talking about plans for 2017 what I'm
going to do in that future is going to
be live strands on YouTube and that will
be more planned it will be scheduled
you'll know when those are and the love
of my youtube channel you can go and
watch them after but in the sense of
istria live streams periscope I think
it's going to be one of those things
where one of them isn't going to win
maybe I just kind of choose one or the
other every now and then and spread it
out I don't know if you guys prefer one
or not but i love i love all of them i
love all of the internet and talking to
you guys it's definitely a more intimate
way to interact with me if you're
interested and that you can you know add
me on whatever whatever your jam is
whether that's Instagram or Twitter or
both I have a lot of fun on
those platforms so it is 7 p.m. on a
saturday night I have my tea ah sippin
on some tea yeah just going to sip on
some tea I'm actually if you see it in
the background going to try to watch
another episode of Westworld westworld
is a sci-fi show on HBO that everyone is
going crazy about it's cool but I'm not
like super intrigued yet I'm about to
watch episode 4 so apparently it gets
juicy sometime soon but today was great
great hangs with the fam I you know ma
ambitious person so I have hopes and
dreams and goals that I want to hit and
so sometimes it feels like I'm never
arriving because there's always that
next thing you have to hit and those
next numbers that you have to hit and so
it's cool to slow down everyone so well
and realize that you know it's the
people who are around you and in New
York it's my friends and that you know
almost feel like family and here in
Texas I just have so much great family
and it's it's cool to hang out with them
I am so thankful for them i love them
lots and yeah it's just is so good to
visit with everyone and see everyone
just want to soak that up as much as
possible when i'm here is achieving
things in life is so much more fun when
you have people to share it with but
before I sign off I have something that
I want to show you you need to see this
what I lived in nashville i got to meet
a lot of great people in the music scene
i met this girl lauren who has a music
project called flurry she is so so good
if you need new music to listen to look
up Florrie f le you r IE but when i was
in nashville we shot a music video I
kind of teased about this a long long
time ago but then life happened and I
was lame and I couldn't actually finish
the Edit of the video it had so much fun
doing all the filming and she got one of
her friends to edit it it guys guys guys
it is so good
I don't have a lot of experience with
filming something and then handing off
the Edit to someone else because i
usually do everything and so it was
really really rad to film us with Lauren
and for her to you know plan a lot of
the concepts and ideas out with her and
then for someone to take it with kind of
a fresh brain and fresh you know
perspectives and to put the music video
together was so so cool I forgot your
name but person who edited this video
fantastic yeah but I'm saying all this
because it's done it's on the internet
and I want to show you guys I want the
peachy fan to go show some love on this
video so i will leave the link down
below to this video and you can watch it
and then i'll also put it up above and
you can click it and i'll open her up in
a new tab such a cool shot
please please go show love to flurry she
is so talented and I want her music to
be heard by the masses and I'm just so
impressed by that edit oh yeah it was a
good day let me know if you like this
video until next time stay peachy okay
bye Eric string in New York City
apartment tour fairy students we're
gonna get some shots up on the roof but
oh my goodness the Sun and the New York
City vibes just look at this take it all
in